# Gr 21
### Identify your own level at the beginning of this course and where you ended
### What else do you still need to learn?
### How you might use OpenBIM in the future?

At the beginning we had only prior experience with modelling in software such as Revit, Rhino/grasshopper and AutoCAD. We had the role as managers, so we skipped the analyst step and jumped directly to being BIM managers. Because of this, we might be less likely to use OpenBim in the future because of less programming during the course. However, we saw a lot of different use cases from our analyst groups and strengthened our general management skills as well as GitHub skills.

One use case we are considering is to calculate the concrete volumes for onsite slab pours as a lot of waste is currently going on with sending back or calling in extra trucks when the amount of concrete is estimated wrong. To achieve this, we must first strengthen our OpenBim programming skills, further.


# Your process of developing the tutorial
### Did the process of the course enable you to answer or define questions that you might need later for thesis?
It’s nice to know that large amounts of data on building can easily be obtained, should our thesis require it. 

Would you have preferred to have been given less choice in the use cases?
No, it was nice to be able to make a tutorial about what we specifically learned (GitHub skills), though it was a bit confusing what the tutorial should be about in the beginning. 

Was the number of tools for the course ok - should we have more or less? - if so, which ones would you leave out?
The number of tools was ok. 

### Did the tool address the use case you identified?
As managers our A3 tool, ended up being a document of feedback to our analyst groups on their tools.


# Individual reflections, s194883
### Are you likely to use OpenBIM tools in your thesis?
It depends on what my thesis is going to be about, but I think it will be more useful in the advanced building design when we are going to be many people working on different models. This will help us figure out what those MEP guys are doing and how it might affect my model.

### Are you likely to use OpenBIM tools in your professsional life in the next 10 years?
On site to do more simple analysis of amounts of stuff in models because many in the construction industry are unfamiliar with the simplest IT-tools. Which puts greater pressure on us automate stuff for them, as we who know don't want to spend all day looking up manual things for them.  

### Conclude the journey through A1-A5
It has been a journey, as the course has been very loose. Having confidence form seeing our analyst groups appreciating our work has motivated me into trying to get some resemblance of structure into the course fx. The timetable we produced  to show everyone when to do what and internal deadlines, for us to give them feedback in time to actually change stuff.


# Individual reflections, s194886
### are you likely to use OpenBIM tools in your thesis?
Not in any direct way, as BIM is unrelated to my main academic interests. Could be used as a support tool, but this seems unlikely.

### Are you likely to use OpenBIM tools in your professional life in the next 10 years?
BIM is a integrated part of the building industry, so BIM tools will be useful. Thus even if I don't know exactly where yet, understanding IFC files and the OpenBIM tools will be a great thing to have with me, in my metaphorical backpack. Being able to make small scripts to do basic yet specialized analysis will be wonderful.

### Conclude the journey through A1-A5
Managing the other groups was very different experience than I have previously tried. My people interaction skills were deepened as a result. 
In the journey of managing started out confusing, as I was trying to understand and relay the tasks as they where written. In the end of the course, I got better at approxing and reading between the lines, and thus better at relaying the underlying intent of the tasks.


# Individual reflections, s194891
### Are you likely to use OpenBIM tools in your thesis?
### Are you likely to use OpenBIM tools in your professsional life in the next 10 years?
### Conclude the journey through A1-A5
I was reluctant at first to be a manager, but i ended up enjoyng it very much. It feels very meaningful to help people navigate the course easier. 
I hope i can use openBim in my proffesinal life, as i would like to do more with coding and data analasys. 
